Oh, Lord Cui
You are really a god
In just two days
You want two to 50 yuan a bucket?
You really make the subordinate admire you.
But the people of Linjiang City are miserable
Hey Cui Daren
I don't know what happened.
Why are the people of Linjiang City miserable?
The Lamb, the grandson of the Duke of Ling, has just arrived in Linjiang City
The first order issued was
Order the four good merchants in Linjiang City
Grain must not be sold for less than 1.50 million a bucket
What!
One hundred and fifty bowls poured
Ding Guogong's power is backwards
Although the empress succeeds
Daqian ushered in a new shuffle
But anyway
Duke Ding was the elder of the three dynasties
His prestige is unknown to thousands of people.
But the lamb has the status of the grandson of the Duke of the Kingdom
His status is much higher than mine
He didn't release the prisoner
Forcing greedy merchants to cut prices
On the contrary.
It also helps to increase food prices
What a pity, this great identity
The Order of the Imperial History
Tell those young people not to be too greedy
Make this imperial history angry
They bear the consequences.
Grain prices in Qingshui River
Another 8 cents must be dropped
82 points they still earn
Enough is enough.
If you give me face
After this imperial history returned to Chang'an
He became the central servant in front of His Majesty
This sentiment is based on the conductor
If not
I'm afraid the consequences are not something they can afford
Mr. Cui means that he can drop another 8 cents.
Grain prices in Qingshui River
Ben Yu is secretly investigating Yanagita's two great families
They are all recommended at the price of 53-70 words respectively.
Besides, they still have Chen Liang from last year in their library
83 text will not cause them to die
Online onlookers one foot at a time
Give a stick to a sweet date
That's the way to be an official
Cui Jade Large Materials
This official represents Qingshui City 50,000 many people
Thank you Cui Yushi
Have the blessing of Cui Yu Shinai Jiangshan Design
Lamb, lamb
How can you be a waste against this champion?
It's up to you to die